README.md, before:

# Kupe House Website

This is a project/assignment for my Macleans College 09CPS course. I have made this project free and open-source on GitHub because, well, why not?

If you want to see this website in action, go to <https://kupe-house.qincai.xyz>

> [!WARNING] 
> I am not responsible for you if you decide to copy/plagiarise this project.

> [!NOTE]
> This project is licensed under the LGPL-2.1 license. All derivatives must also use this license and preserve the original copyleft notice.

This project is created in two weeks, so please do not expect very high code quality.

## How does it work?

### The website (front-end) part

<https://kupe-house.qincai.xyz> is hosted on my Raspberry Pi 5 server. You can see all the source code (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript) and assets in this GitHub repository.

### The back-end part

As you may have noticed, the client-side JS fetches resources from <https://kupe-house-api.qincai.xyz> (also hosted on my Pi). Please see <https://github.com/QinCai-rui/kupe-house-api> for more information.

### Other

If you have looked into the `.github/workflows/` directory, you can see a GitHub Actions file there. Its job is to update (`git pull`) the Git repository on the server, thus updating <https://kupe-house.qincai.xyz>, when a push is detected.

Commit message:

update README.md to clarify CI/CD process

README.md, after:

# Kupe House Website

This is a project/assignment for my Macleans College 09CPS course. I have made this project free and open-source on GitHub because, well, why not?

If you want to see this website in action, go to <https://kupe-house.qincai.xyz>

> [!WARNING] 
> I am not responsible for you if you decide to copy/plagiarise this project.

> [!NOTE]
> This project is licensed under the LGPL-2.1 license. All derivatives must also use this license and preserve the original copyleft notice.

This project is created in two weeks, so please do not expect very high code quality.

## How does it work?

### The website (front-end) part

<https://kupe-house.qincai.xyz> is hosted on my Raspberry Pi 5 server. You can see all the source code (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript) and assets in this GitHub repository.

### The back-end part

As you may have noticed, the client-side JS fetches resources from <https://kupe-house-api.qincai.xyz> (also hosted on my Pi). Please see <https://github.com/QinCai-rui/kupe-house-api> for more information.

### CI/CD

This project uses GitHub Actions for continuous deployment to a self-hosted runner (my Pi). When changes are pushed to the `main` branch, the workflow in `.github/workflows/local-pull.yml` automatically updates the Docker Apache/httpd container on my server.
